fix(alm): prevent memory leaks caused by getOriginalState (#1902)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: packages/action-listener-middleware/README.md

- `dispatch: Dispatch`: the standard `store.dispatch` method
- `getState: () => State`: the standard `store.getState` method

> - `getOriginalState: () => State`: returns the store state as it existed when the action was originally dispatched, _before_ the reducers ran.
>   This method can only be called synchronously, it throws error otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getOriginalState: () => State`: returns the store state as it existed when the action was originally dispatched, _before_ the reducers ran. (**Note**: this method can only be called synchronously, during the initial dispatch call stack, to avoid memory leaks. Calling it asynchronously will throw an error.)
```
